Oral question
1) What is class component?
2) What is a functional component?
3) what is virtual Dom?
4) If we have multiple state updates, whether those are going to be instant update or queued update in react?
5) What is the algorithm used in virtual Dom?
6) Since update of state values are queued, so how can we make instant updates in Ui page?
7) Does useEffect have any side effects on our application?
8) What are the hooks used in react?
9) How are you going to pass the data from parent component to nested child components? (without using props)
10) What are the higher order components?
11) What patterns have you followed in your components?
12) What are pure components?
13) What does pure components do?
14) What is the difference between stateless and state full components?
15) What is the difference use reducers and redux?
16) What are the issues or changes you faced in redux?
17) What is Dom repaint?
18) What does Dom repaint works?
19) What is use Ref?
20) How are you maintaining your vulnerabilities in your application?
21) How do you manage accessibility in your application, how do you test it?
22) How are you going to take care of accessibility when you are developing?
23) What are aria attributes?
24) What is the framework you are using in your application (CSS framework)?
25) Let’s assume our application is theme-based Application, I want to change my theme in one place, and it should reflect throughout the application. How are you going to achieve this?
26) What are the CSS variables, where are the places you used it?
27) How are you going to resolve merge conflicts? (steps taken care in order to not override others changes)
 
 Additional topics to focus:
1. Custom component development, solutioning, pattern used, responsiveness and optimization ,in secured manner to overcome security vulnerability, accessibility guide lines and responsiveness framework
2. Tools used to debug/find performance issues in components like react developer plugin ,chrome developer tools to check performance issues
3.How to parse request and pass it in UI
4.Fully configurable component develop and use it application along with API integration
5.Use memo - how to use - Use hooks
6. API parsing, naming convention used, some questions on CSS, Java script component